##Intro

To improve the quality analysis for a library I will create a new process which will include as much automation as possible 
in the interests of efficiency and accuracy.
The new process will deliver, from raw data, fully formatted and usable information presented in a dashboard format.
As part of the process, any erroneous data will be indentified for correction and trends.

##Actions

Using python and accompanying libraries I created an application which, with inputs from the user, 
can process files of many different structures and subject types.
The user inputs include the option to enrich the data for additional analysis.

In order to maximise accuracy and reliability of the outputted data, all elements of the python application are tested 
with multiple scenarios prior to deployment and following any change.

As the process is likely to be used sporadically and included a number of elements required by the python application, 
I decided to containerise the solution using Docker.
This allows all requirements for the process to be delivered to the user and only when required, 
this means that the container and application will only exist during use.
This vastly improves the ease of use and the efficiency of resource usage.

Data is stored in an SQL server, this allows data to persist and can be added to etc in order to create a history of data.
This data can also be used for further analysis or additional insights as required.

In order to demonstrate the process and collected information, a power BI dashboard has been created. 
Here the user can see key metrics such as amount of data collected, amount of erronous data and more.
The user can also review the correctly formatted data within the dashboard for additional information.

Progress was tracked throughout using a card based task system, this ensured that tasks aligned correctly to the requirements 
and enabled oversight into the build process.

##Conclusion

The new process has taken a very manual and labourious task (one which is prone to errors) and has fully automated it.
The data is now more accurate, users have the information available to correct any issues and insight into trends and other metrics.
The data is stored in a secure and reliable way.
Resource is only used when required, maximising efficiency.